								
								
								
								
								
								
	Design Philosophy:-								
								
								
	The design of submersible Causeway is carried out as per the procedure out 							
	lined below:-							
Step1:-								
								
	The design discharge was fixed after arriving discharge based on the following methods:-							
								
	a.Discharge of the stream is arrived using area-velocity method and catchment area 							
	   method.Further the discharge from the surplus wier of the tank is also taken into 							
	   account,while finalising the design discharge.The surplus wier is treated as 							
	   broad-crested wier and height of fall is locally enquired.The discharge is arrived 							
	   using broad crested wier formula.							
								
								
Step2:-								
								
	a.Hydraulic particulars like HFL,OFL are fixed as per the local enquiry.							
								
	b.It is proposed to design the structure as vented submersible causeway.RTL of 							
	   the causeway is kept below the HFL,so that the obstruction to flow is less than 							
	   70%, when the flow is at RTL.Further,when the flow is at HFL,the obstruction to 							
	   flow is kept below 30%.All the above ventway calculations are done as per 							
	   IRC SP:82--2008.							
								
	c.After finalisation of design discharge,RTL and ventway calculations,afflux 							
	   calculations are carried out.							
								
	d.Normal scour depth with reference to HFL was calculated using Lacey's equations							
								
	e.After arriving at the Maximum scour depth,bottom level of the foundation was fixed 							
	   below the maximum scour depth							
								
Step3:-								
								
	After arriving at RTL,bottom of foundation level and required ventway,the 							
	dimensions of the bridge are finalised.							
								
	The structural components are desined in the following manner:-							
								
	a.As per the recommendations of IRC 6:2000,IRC class A live load required for bridges							
	   and culverts of medium importance is selected.							
								
	b.The effect of drag and lift is considered on the causeway as per IRC-SP:82--2008.							
	   Additional live load due to silt is considered on the deck slab as per IRC SP:82--2008.							
								
	c.Load combinations and remaining loads are selected as per IRC 6:2000 							
								
	d.Stainless steel anchor bars and VRCC thrust blocks are proposed as per 							
	   IRC SP:82--2007 to safeguard against lift and drag forces respectively.							
								
	e.Based on the soil test reports,indivdual foundations are proposed for an SBC of 15t/m2.							
								
	f.The structural components like Abutments,piers,face walls,strip foundation are 							
	   designed as per the guide lines given in relevent IRC codes.							
								
	g.The deck slab is proposed as per the drawings given in Plate No.7.09 of 							
	    IRC:SP20-2002(Rural roads manual)							
								
	h.The dirt wall is proposed as per the drawings given in Plate No.7.25 of 							
	    IRC:SP20-2002(Rural roads manual)							

